Create Elixir documentation` (#438)
CleverCloud/doc.clever-cloud.com: runtimes/elixir/elixir.md

## Overview

> Currently, Clever Cloud supports Elixir based applications.

Reviewer: Currently? That's weird, no?

Author: yeah

Author: ✅

> ## Create an Elixir application and add a PostreSQL database

Reviewer: Why talk about a PostgreSQL database?

Author: As everything is really phoenix oriented (hi, env var names), I writted it assuming we were deplying a Phenix app, wich needs a PG database. WDYT ?

Reviewer 2: Maybe you could mention that this is an example using a phoenix application and that there might be some nuances if the user isn't using phoenix (at least 10% of our elixir users run somehting else).

Author: thank you for the approach, will update when I'll have answer on the other comment then we'll be able to close

Author: ✅

In the Clever Cloud web console:

> - under the organization of your choice, click new, then application. Select **Elixir**, then name your application and choose it's deployment zone.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- under the organization of your choice, click new, then application. Select **Elixir**, then name your application and choose its deployment zone.
```

- we prompted if you need an add-on, select **PostgreSQL**. Select your database size and name it.

## Configure your Phoenix application

### Mandatory configuration

- Edit the file `config/prod.secret.exs` to replace `System.get_env("DATABASE_URL")` with `System.get_env("POSTGRESQL_ADDON_URI")`.

- Generate a secret token with `$ mix phx.gen.secret`.

> - Know your Elixir version with `$ elixir -v`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Get your Elixir version with `$ elixir -v`, you will need it later
```

Author: ✅

## Set production environment variables

> In the envrionment variables section of your Elixir's application, set

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the envrionment variables section of your Elixir application, set
```

Author: ✅

> - **SECRET_KEY_BASE** with the value obtained with `$ mix phx.gen.secret` previously

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **SECRET_KEY_BASE** to the value obtained with `$ mix phx.gen.secret` previously
```

> - **CC_ELIXIR_VERSION** with the value of `$ elixir -v` result. (Available values as of today are `1.8`, `1.9` or `1.10`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **CC_ELIXIR_VERSION** to the value of `$ elixir -v` result. (Available versions as of today are `1.8`, `1.9` or `1.10`)
```

- **CC_PHOENIX_RUN_ECTO_MIGRATE** to `true` if you need to trigger the command `$ mix ecto.migrate`

## Git Deployment on Clever Cloud
You need git on your computer to deploy via this tool. Here is the official website of Git to get more information: git-scm.com

### Setting up your remotes

The "Information" page of your app gives you your git deployment URL. It looks like this:
`git+ssh://git@push.clever-cloud.com/<your_app_id>.git`. Copy it in your clipboard.

- Locally, under your code folder, type in `git init` to set up a new git repository or skip this step if you already have one.
- Add the deploy URL with `git remote add <name> <your-git-deployment-url>`.
- Add your files via `git add <files path>` and commit them via `git commit -m <your commit message>`.
- Now push your application on Clever Cloud with `git push <name> master`

> ## Build and deployment phases and custom configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Build, deployment phases and custom configuration
```

> When we push our code to the Clever Cloud remote provided, the following commands are run

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you push your code to the Clever Cloud remote provided, the following commands are run:
```

```
$ mix deps.get
$ mix deps.compile
$ npm install
```

> These commands will compile your dependencies at the root of your project folder. If you want to use another folder, specify it via the environment variable **CC_PHOENIX_ASSETS_DIR**.

Reviewer: Unless I'm mistaken, `CC_PHOENIX_ASSETS_DIR` is only used for `npm install`. To change the folder for the entire build / run process, you should use `APP_FOLDER` (valid for all application types).

Author: That's what I meant, thank you for pointing out it is not clear

Author: ✅

Then `$ mix compile` is run. If you want to override this behavior, you can set the environment variable **CC_MIX_BUILD_GOAL** to the value you desire.

At this point, there is the command `$ npm run deploy`.

Then `$ mix phx.digest` is run. You can override this one with the variable **CC_PHOENIX_DIGEST_GOAL**.

Finally, `$ mix phx.server` is invoked, and as always, you can override this behavior, either with **CC_RUN_COMMAND** where you have to specify the full command, or **CC_PHOENIX_SERVER_GOAL** where it will be a mix task by default.

> And if you need to specify the timezone of your application, you can do it with the variable **TZ** set to the usual timezone format, for instance `Europe/Paris`.

Reviewer: I'm not sure why this was necessary but maybe this should be put as an aside, like prefixing it with `note: ` or something.

Author: wich part do you talk about ? the Time Zone part or the CC_RUN_COMMAND and CC_PHOENIX_SERVER_GOAL or both ?

Reviewer: I was talking about the timezone part

Author: ✅
